Tauri Board Elections 2024 (#2345)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: src/content/docs/blog/tauri-board-elections-2024.md

---
title: Tauri Board Elections 2024
date: 2024-06-28
authors: [jbolda]

> excerpt: The Tauri Programme is celebrating it's three year anniversary of Tauri becoming a programme within The Commons Conservancy.  We are hard at work bringing v2 to a stable release, and now the next round of Tauri Board Director elections is upon us!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: The Tauri Programme is celebrating it's third anniversary of Tauri becoming a programme within The Commons Conservancy. We are hard at work bringing v2 to a stable release, and now the next round of Tauri Board Director elections is upon us!
```

banner:
  content: |
    You're reading the blog on the prerelease site for Tauri 2.0 -

>     <a href="https://tauri.app">Go to the Tauri 1.0 site</a>

Reviewer 2: Not sure if/how replicating to the V1 site is needed.

Author: v1 points to the v2 docs, so no need.

---

> The Tauri Programme is celebrating it's three year anniversary of Tauri becoming a programme within [The Commons Conservancy](https://commonsconservancy.org/). We are hard at work bringing v2 to a stable release, and now the next round of Tauri Board Director elections is upon us! Want to [get involved in other ways](#interested-in-getting-involved) and help Tauri towards v2? We would love your contributions especially to help evolve the documentation!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tauri Programme is celebrating its third anniversary of Tauri becoming a programme within [The Commons Conservancy](https://commonsconservancy.org/). We are hard at work bringing v2 to a stable release, and now the next round of Tauri Board Director elections is upon us! Want to [get involved in other ways](#interested-in-getting-involved) and help Tauri towards v2? We would love your contributions especially to help evolve the documentation!
```

## Board Elections

> The Tauri Board of Directors is the central decision-making body for the Tauri Programme and is responsible for the overall health and stability of the Tauri Programme. Additional details can be found on the [Tauri Governance page](/about/governance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tauri Board of Directors is the central decision-making body for the Tauri Programme and is responsible for its overall health and stability. Additional details can be found on the [Tauri Governance page](/about/governance).
```

In order to provide continuity from one year to another, the elections of seats are staggered over the course of 2 years. This means that one year a portion of the seats are elected, and the following year the remaining seats are elected. A Tauri Director seat is an elected position with a term of 2 years. The Board has a minimum of 3 Directors and a maximum of 7. This year there are 2 seats open for election.

### Applying for Candidacy

There are 3 steps to express interest and apply for candidacy:

1. Learn about the role of a Tauri Board Director on the [Governance page](/about/governance#tauri-board--board-directors).
2. Prepare a written introduction about yourself that covers who you are, your history and relevance for Tauri, and what you would like to bring to the Board.

> 3. **Apply prior to July 5nd, 2023** by emailing [board@tauri.app](mailto:board@tauri.app), messaging the `@board` role on the [Tauri Discord](https://discord.com/invite/tauri), or by directly messaging Jacob Bolda on Discord (`@jacobbolda`) or email ([jacob@tauri.app](mailto:jacob@tauri.app)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Apply prior to July 5th, 2024** by emailing [board@tauri.app](mailto:board@tauri.app), messaging the `@board` role on the [Tauri Discord](https://discord.com/invite/tauri), or by directly messaging Jacob Bolda on Discord (`@jacobbolda`) or email ([jacob@tauri.app](mailto:jacob@tauri.app)).
```

> Voting will take place starting on July 7th through July 12th, 2023 where Tauri Working Group Members will cast their votes. We're expecting to announce the results on or before July 16, 2023. If elected, we'll ask you to sign [this pledge](https://dracc.commonsconservancy.org/0016/) if you haven't done so previously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Voting will take place starting on July 7th through July 12th, 2024 where Tauri Working Group Members will cast their votes. We're expecting to announce the results on or before July 16, 2024. If elected, we'll ask you to sign [this pledge](https://dracc.commonsconservancy.org/0016/) if you haven't done so previously.
```

If you have any questions or would like more information please reach out by emailing [board@tauri.app](mailto:board@tauri.app), messaging the `@board` role on the [Tauri Discord](https://discord.com/invite/tauri), or by directly messaging Jacob Bolda on Discord (`@jacobbolda`) or email ([jacob@tauri.app](mailto:jacob@tauri.app)).

## Interested In Getting Involved?

> If joining the Board isn't for you, we are always looking to enable involvement at any level within Tauri. The documentation for v2 is a large focus of the remaining effort. See the issues within the [tauri-apps/tauri-docs repo](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri-docs). Additionally reach out and follow along within Discord. Add a `@notify-*` role to stay aprised of news and questions from the team, or follow along and ask questions in the `#dev` or `#docs` channels under the `CONTRIBUTORS` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If joining the Board isn't for you, we are always looking to enable involvement at any level within Tauri. The documentation for v2 is a large focus of the remaining effort. See the issues within the [tauri-apps/tauri-docs repo](https://github.com/tauri-apps/tauri-docs). Additionally reach out and follow along within Discord. Add a `@notify-*` role to stay apprised of news and questions from the team, or follow along and ask questions in the `#dev` or `#docs` channels under the `CONTRIBUTORS` section.
```

Prepared for some more responsibility? A Domain in the Working Group represents a specific area of interest.

- **Development**: Developing and maintaining the Tauri software
- **Community**: Looks after the broader community resources and the public presence of Tauri
- **Governance & Guidance**: Involved with all things organizational in nature
- **Operations**: Responsible for all the tooling and infrastructure Tauri needs to get work done

This gives clear entry points for a new member of the Working Group to jump into right away. It also allows us to continue growing our core competency of core Tauri development while giving additional focus to all areas which support the Tauri organization as a whole. Each of these domains will be represented by Domain Members and Domain Leads, but membership is not mutually exclusive.

All domains within Tauri are equally important to providing the best experience possible, as well as the wonderful support of the community. ❤️

---

> We hope that these changes provide the foundation to continue the journey the Tauri Working Group has been on while also catalyzing the continued growth and sustainability of the organization. You can learn more about these updates in the [Governance and Guidance repo on GitHub](https://github.com/tauri-apps/governance-and-guidance).

Reviewer 2: Nit: refers to "these changes" but besides a possible change of Board Directors the model remains otherwise the same.
